Don't knock, Dr. Xu is not here today
Is he off work today?
It's not Dr. Xu's surgery that has an accident
I heard that the patient is not small
It's already in court
Dr. Xu swore that the doctor's qualification certificate could not be guaranteed
I'll tell you again.
Break up with Dr. Xu
Otherwise what are you going to do?
Mr. Lu, I'm sorry
This is not careful
What do you have against me?
You're not targeting the wishing man.
But a good doctor
He is innocent.
You barged into my office today
Just to marry you
Even if I am not Taijun
I offended.
Please spare the wishing man
Wishers don't deserve it.
This is what you can't keep from the poor
What is Dr. Xu?
Plead with a woman
What do you want me to do?
The poor should have a poor attitude
You shouldn't be allowed to teach you this.